The drumming had started and reached Betty's ears from the short distance she had swam out towards the sun. The water was still warm but only half the sun now remained above the horizon. The spinning orb seemed to be rippling in time with her body movements. The drum rhythms seemed to be out of sync with her own movements, the sea and the sun. They grated slightly but called to her. She faced about from the sun and looked back towards the beach. A couple of guys with dreadlocks were playing frisbee with the waves lapping their shins and behind them driftwood branches were being added to the fire. There were a handful of drummers seated close to the fire tapping out simple earthy rhythms while a girl in a tye died sarong danced with closed eyes. "What a bunch of fucking hippies", thought Betty as the sun went down further and she could feel a subtle breeze blow over her neck and shoulders. It was getting cold and the fire looked inviting and the sound of the drums continued to beckon. She was feeling hungry too. A few more were gathering around the fire but only a dozen or so in total which was about as much as Betty could handle right now. She liked the fact that it was just out of season and the beach was quite deserted. As she reached the point where she could stop swimming and start walking the frisbee players stopped their game and headed closer to the fire. One of them handed Betty her towel as she came out of the sea. 
"Thanks", she said. "Bit chillier than usual tonight isn't it?" 
"Yeah man, good thing we got plenty of wood," he said, nodding toward the pile that had been built. She started drying herself off as she moved closer to the fire. Some of the others simply nodded in greeting as she caught their eyes. She tilted her head to one side and put the towel up against the back of her neck. The warmth of the sun now replaced by the fire and a virtually windstill night. She took a deep drag of a joint and passed it on quickly so that she could keep on drying herself. Still standing she looked into the flames. 
"Fucking hippies? Who am I kidding. I'm one of them now. I'm a fucking hippie too." She smiled to herself as the thought passed through her mind.
Although the warm evenings had passed it wasn't anything like a cold winter. A sarong and a thin shawl next to the fire were more than adequate on top of her bikini. The food was arriving and being doled out banana leaves. The drummers had stopped their drumming in order to take their meal. Bottles of beer were being passed around along with the local moonshine. People were nodding their approval of the food and the faster eaters were already reaching for seconds. Pieces of coconut and pineapple for dessert. Another joint was being prepared and the used plates were passed along. There was a general hush during the meal as they wrapped their shawls tighter around them and put more wood onto the fire. The joint maker reached for a twig from the fire to light it and after taking a few long deep puffs passed it on. Some sat cross legged while others reclined on their rugs and mats half covered in sand. Only the gentle sound of the waves, the subtle crackle of the fire and the odd swigging sound of a beer bottle. Each of them seemed in agreement about keeping the silence and enjoying the final remnants of the day. A few more sips and a few more puffs and the conversations would begin.
